strong begins against the favorites a range
fourth minute
Janotta foul
first yellow cards
the referees blame
Friedhelm Funkel the Bremen from Buggingen three minutes in the middle of the
Place the referee is right at all
then you'll have been glad to have yawn here again
Ultimately, the ex-Magdeburger is already coming to the ground of the ambulance
March
the one stay out
from Berlin
counter-chance Loving
Brannenburg
they prove
but also plays very hard
Bring acting budget
completely correct as he is the yellow card
then recognizes secure or the ball sentenced for the Brandenburger
this will be whistled
The locals protest are angry
he already has yellow
Michel Kaiser who appease
but that has never helped
from Berlin
first Brandenburger from approx
would be the right points
customer funds
wonderful things
can still take it away as Sun.
BitDefender recommends Leitner
if you have been so fogged
help us only if we have things under Tel
but not on it
Brandenburg with Wolfgang Kunz mother and Velen bonds Roy Präger
and then that comes what must come
the answer
heads the ball
the picture is
again from another point of view
the mind does not calm that
of course for the Tuttlinger
The sideline is also getting hectic, which is not good
they can hardly control anymore
Peter Heinke discusses with the linesman better said too tight
on the sidelines
complained to Habib
Iran moves
The coach from Tuttlingen was in the middle of the square for three minutes
Kirch kept the balance
Captain Jan Otter
must make clear to his coach the measure of the referee Heinke dead
The players have to fly out of Liguria
hardly an actor under control
there blame the editing of pictures players have heard
No he has is not in control
The police had great difficulty in ensuring security and order
second halftime
the maître plays the ball
Luginger
The players have a foul on the penalty spot with animals
are hectic
provoke and also Nordholter Wießner
unfortunately infected
In the strictest sense of the word, that's in my job
the next red card
Daniel Kübler the Appel
waiting for months or toilets
another around 100 countries Kolbermoor
the other one has
the return the remark
not quite realistic
but with a rational core
the trainers what should we do
he is already with
really play holds
also the citizen office justifiable
as everything loves
the audience the few like a man behind their team
there are only seven left
only a field planned remote injured
Industry experts appreciate
inevitably have to
the 0 2 2
and immediately afterwards
the 0 2 3
Room without a chance
and again it's about the eyes
will be dismantled
must be eliminated
Brandenburger falls under criticism again
brings back the minds
last action Janotta with a 5
Brannenburg